Sharad 13 Sep 2011

Box Pick is designed to be a mobile application. It only expects scans from the user. Even confirmations are obtained by asking the
user to rescan something.

Error sounds make it possible to work efficiently without having to look at the screen.

To start you must first enter an area for which you want to create pallets. Next you need to scan a pallet. The UI diverges based upon what kind of
pallet has been scanned. 

Help screens show what what cartons are in your queue.

Case 1: UCC Labels have been preprinted for the Pallet.
-------------------------------------------------------
This case supports the business process in which pallets are precreated and UCC labels are preprinted. The UI displays the location of the first carton to be picked.
Although a carton is suggested, but any matching carton can be scanned in it place. Next you must scan the UCC label which you intend to affix to the carton.
If all goes well, then the UCC is associated with the scanned carton and the program moves on to the next carton.

Thus the normal operation is: Carton - UCC - Repeat.

Case 2: Scanned Pallet is a new Pallet which does not exist in the database.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
This case handles the business process when pre printing of UCC labels is not desirable. Boxes to be picked are assigned to the pallet on the fly.
Since UCC labels have not yet been printed, the UI does not expect a UCC scan. This scenario is designed for pull to dock operations.

The normal operation is: Carton - Repeat.

TODO: Display future cartons as well so that user can move to the next carton when necessary.

Built in intelligence to handle unexpected situations
-----------------------------------------------------
You can exit the program at any time by pressing P2 and then resume picking of the same pallet by scanning it again at any later time.

Underpicking a pallet: If you want to complete the pallet without picking all the cartons, scan the same pallet at any time. After confirmation, the pallet will
be marked completed and unpicked cartons will revert back to the pool. They will be candidates for assigning to a future pallet.

Skipping a carton: It is possible that you may not be able to pick the carton which you are being asked to pick due to inventory issues. You simply scan
the UCC label which you wish to skip. The program will ask for confirmation and then move on to the carton.

